------------------------- Half-time evaluation -------------------------
Group: Untitled
Project: Meet a Sweedt - "Fika and Speaka" (Android Application)


--- Introduction ---
After a lot of different lectures that introduced us to Scrum, how tasks breakdown works 
and general project management, it was finally time for us to apply these concepts
to our project workflow. 
  
--- Process ---
	It took us a little while to start with the process. We talked a bit through 
	our social media channels but that wasn't enough. It was after our first real 
	scrum-meeting that we felt we had a clear plan that we would fullfill. 

	One thing that naturally happened was that we divided into smaller 
	groups that worked with different areas like database, server, IU, matching system,etc. 
	
	* Challenges
	Everyone had alot of different ideas for the application. This resulted in lengthy
	discussions that lead to us talking in circles without really deciding anything. 
	
	To set up the work so that everyone had something high-priority to do but still didn't 
	conflict with anyone else's work. This also made it pretty hard to work in vertical slices 
	and that is definitely something we will have to improve for the remaining duration of the project. 
	Since just finding a valueable task for everyone to do, was such a challange, we lost focus on making 
	sure that everyone added customer value by the end of the sprint.
	

	* Solution
	The solution to our first challenge was that everyone got their chance
	to present their user-story and the group collectively decided priorities.
	We wrote down compromises and make a list of all the things that needed to be done. 
	After that we ranked every user-story after the concluded importance. 

	It was a little bit harder to find the perfect solution to our second challenge, but we will 
	try to ensure that every person has added direct customer value by the end of the sprint instead.
	This will hopefully be made easier both by keeping it in mind and naturally with the backlog as the project progresses. 
	

--- Product ---
	Like mentioned before, the smaller groups of our team worked with different areas, which
	was needed because of the vertical workflow. Our team had a mix of members that was
	familiar with different aspects while unfamiliar with others. This lead to variations in 
	the progress of asigned tasks in the end of the sprint and affected the vertical work-flow negatively.

	The application is a very simple version of the end product, but is still functional. You can navigate 
	the different views, create a profile (stored locally but not saved between sessions), and see 
	how well you match with other hard-coded profiles and send chat messages. 
	The server and database is also up and running and although it doesn't add any customer value yet,
	we will move a lot of the locally stored things such as the profiles to the database and implement 
	the server with the chat so that two real people will actually be able to find each other and chat.

	What we have to do is add more planned features, make the app more easy to navigate and integrate a 
	lot of stuff with the database and server.

	After this sprint we have a few tasks that are unnfinished. The last sprint we overestimated our
	work velocity which resulted in that a big portion of the tasks worked on were not fully vertically integrated.
	This sprint we will have fewer task, so that we fully vertically integrate the tasks in the sprint backlog.
	

	We will complete unfinished tasks from the previous sprint:
	- Integrate signing in/ signing up with server
	- Store chat messages in database
	
	We will start with new tasks:
	- Add gps location
